Render images instead of components for text sets (#8491)
swissspidy/web-stories-wp: packages/text-sets/README.md

# Text sets

This package contains the text sets used by the editor.

## Generating images for text sets

_Note: This script requires the development environment to be running with `DISABLE_OPTIMIZED_RENDERING` so the text sets are rendered as components not images._

> Run `node src/cli.js` then move and commit the images to the static-site branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `npm run workflow:render-text-sets` to generate and save text sets images in the `build/text-sets/` folder. Then move and commit the images to the `static-site` branch.
```
